== Goalkeeper

This is a hack done for MHacks IV, September 5th - 7th, 2014.
App created by Caitlin McDonald & Erin Hoffman

*This is not the most up to date version.* Rebuilt on Rails 4.0: http://www.github.com/mcdonaldca/goalkeeper

=== MHacks IV

Submission: http://mhacks-iv.challengepost.com/submissions/26278-goalkeeper

*PRIZE:* Best use of Ziggeo's API

*PRIZE:* Best use of Venmo's API

*PRIZE:* Best UX using IBM Bluemix, Third Place

*PRIZE:* Best URL, Namecheap

=== Overview

Have you ever told yourself you were going to pick up a good habit, then watched that plan evaporate as friends, video games, and the internet as a whole seemed to conspire against your good intentions? Then we have the app for you!

Goalkeeper is a social platform for holding yourself accountable, whether you want to get in shape, establish good study habits, or write the next great American novel. Users establish goals, then post videos showing that they're keeping up, both logging their achievements and encouraging their friends to keep them on track. In addition to peer pressure, users are incentivized to stick with their goals because every failure to check in means the user is expected to donate $5 to charity.

Goalkeeper is built on Ruby on Rails using the IBM Bluemix hosting service, so it's available on all smartphones, tablets, and other internet-enabled devices. The video uploading and sharing features are supported by Ziggeo, and the charitable donations are made with Venmo integration..

=== Tools Used

* Ziggeo API

* Venmo API

* HTML

* CSS

* JavaScript/JQuery

* Ruby on Rails

* (Originally) hosted on IBM Bluemix

=== Project Information

[Ruby] 1.9.3

[Rails] 3.2.13

[Database] SQLite3/DB2

=== See Live

This is an older version and not currently live.
New, updated version: http://www.github.com/mcdonaldca/goalkeeper
New, updated version live: http://www.keepgoalsfor.me


